 Windows terminal helps you to use Bash , Powershell and cmd in One Terminal Windows without going to different windows.
 
 

These are the steps to build Windows terminal from Source :-


Perquisites :-
You must be running  Windows 1903 , Build - 10.0.18362 in order to run Windows terminal.

You must have Windows 1903 SDK installed ( Build - 10.0.18362)

Better to Use Visual Studio 2019 
Install these too from VS installer if using 2019 :- 

Once You open Soltuion in Visual Studio you  will be prompt with missing tools to install automatically.
- Desktop  Development C++
- Universal   Windows Platform Development
-  Install C++ ( v141 or v142)  Universal windows tools.

Steps to Build :- 

Git repository uses submodules for some dependencies. To restore or update the module use :-

git submodule update --init --recursive


OpenConsole.sln can be built using cmd or VS.
 
 
 CMD :- 
 
Go to directory :- tools 
and run razzle 
Message will Pop Up: Environment is ready to go ! 

Then run : - bcz 

If Everything goes correct , it will start building will take few minutes to build depending on your System .

  Visual Studio 2019 :- 
  
  Open OpenConsole.sln 
   Start Building that once successfull
   
   Go to Terminal directory in the solution.
   
   Search for Cascadia Package right click it and  click on the build.
  
   Once Building is done without any errors. 
   
   Click  Deploy & You will see Windows terminal ( Dev Build ) Start Menu .
   
   And thats it you have build Windows Terminal.
   
   
   When you execute Windows Terminal you will see POWERSHELL AND CMD as option .
   
   If you want to add WSL you to add the profile of that in profile.json file.
   
   You will be able to find default Profile.json file in Terminal drop down settings.
   
   Just open the settings  and add the profile of Ubuntu just check that guid should be unique of every terminal you will be using .
   
   
    For your help i have attached a profile.json of Ubuntu in this repository .
    
    Just save it and re-execute Windows Terminal and You will get New shell which you used in profile.json.
    
    
    
    Hope Everyone liked it.
    
   
   
   



